README.md, before:

# Web-Project
This is the final project of the Introduction to Web Development course taught in the first semester of 2022.

This consists of a virtual sports shop, where users can buy things to practice their favorite sport and administrators can manage their products and users.

## Group
* Pedro Henrique Conrado - 
* Victor Paulo Cruz Lutes - 11795512
* Gabriel Vicente Rodrigues - 11795377


# 1. Requirements

### The system must have 2 types of users: Clients and Administrators

Administrators are responsible for registering/managing administrators, customers, and products/services provided. The application already comes with an account admin with password admin.

Customers are users who access the system to buy products/services.

The admin record includes, at least: name, id, phone, email.

Each customer's record includes, at least: name, id, address, phone, email

Product/services records include, at least: name, id, photo, description, price, quantity (in stock), quantity sold.
Your store may sell products, services or both (you decide)

### Selling Products (or services): 

Products are selected, their quantity chosen, and are included in a cart. Products are purchased using a credit card number (any number is accepted by the system). The quantity of product sold is subtracted from the quantity in stock and added to the quantity sold. Carts are emptied only on payment or by customers.

### Product/Service Management: 
Administrators can create/update/read/delete (crud) new products and services. For example, they can change the stock quantity.

### Your functionality: 
Create a functionality that is specific to your application. It does not have to be something complicated. For instance, if you are selling cars, you may allow users to use an accelerator to hear how each car engine roars up and down.   

### The system must provide accessibility requirements and provide good usability. The system must be responsive.


# 2. Project Description
Our project is a sports products store. It allows admins and clients to login and clients to create their own account.

The clients are presented to the products of the store and are allowed to add them to their cart, change their personal data and buy the products on the cart.

The admins are allowed to change their personal data, register new admins and clients and manage the products of the store.

### Navigation Diagram
![Navigation Diagram](mockups/navigationDiagram.jpeg)

The images of the mockup are in the directory ```/mockups```

### Funcionalities
Funcionalities here

### Server
Info saved on the server here

# 3. Comments About the Code

# 4. Test Plan

# 5. Test Results

# 6. Build Procedures

# 7. Problems

# 8. Comments

Commit message:

feat: link to figma project

README.md, after:

# Web-Project
This is the final project of the Introduction to Web Development course taught in the first semester of 2022.

This consists of a virtual sports shop, where users can buy things to practice their favorite sport and administrators can manage their products and users.

## Group
* Pedro Henrique Conrado - 
* Victor Paulo Cruz Lutes - 11795512
* Gabriel Vicente Rodrigues - 11795377


# 1. Requirements

### The system must have 2 types of users: Clients and Administrators

Administrators are responsible for registering/managing administrators, customers, and products/services provided. The application already comes with an account admin with password admin.

Customers are users who access the system to buy products/services.

The admin record includes, at least: name, id, phone, email.

Each customer's record includes, at least: name, id, address, phone, email

Product/services records include, at least: name, id, photo, description, price, quantity (in stock), quantity sold.
Your store may sell products, services or both (you decide)

### Selling Products (or services): 

Products are selected, their quantity chosen, and are included in a cart. Products are purchased using a credit card number (any number is accepted by the system). The quantity of product sold is subtracted from the quantity in stock and added to the quantity sold. Carts are emptied only on payment or by customers.

### Product/Service Management: 
Administrators can create/update/read/delete (crud) new products and services. For example, they can change the stock quantity.

### Your functionality: 
Create a functionality that is specific to your application. It does not have to be something complicated. For instance, if you are selling cars, you may allow users to use an accelerator to hear how each car engine roars up and down.   

### The system must provide accessibility requirements and provide good usability. The system must be responsive.


# 2. Project Description
Our project is a sports products store. It allows admins and clients to login and clients to create their own account.

The clients are presented to the products of the store and are allowed to add them to their cart, change their personal data and buy the products on the cart.

The admins are allowed to change their personal data, register new admins and clients and manage the products of the store.

### Navigation Diagram
![Navigation Diagram](mockups/navigationDiagram.jpeg)

The images of the mockup are in the directory ```/mockups```

You can also see our [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ijJYtFiTaDnPejZwvTwijs/Mockups), where we designed these screens.

### Funcionalities
Funcionalities here

### Server
Info saved on the server here

# 3. Comments About the Code

# 4. Test Plan

# 5. Test Results

# 6. Build Procedures

# 7. Problems

# 8. Comments
